Update Identity Security - How to use page. (#58179)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/identity-security/how-to-use.mdx

---
title: Using Teleport Identity Security
description: Explore identity risks and access pathways with dashboards, graph visualization, and SQL queries.
labels:
 - conceptual
 - identity-security
---

Teleport Identity Security helps teams expose and eliminate hidden risk in their infrastructure. 

These are some use cases for Teleport Identity Security:  

- Find users with the highest standing privilege with the Standing Privilege Dashboard.

> - Visually understand a user's access pathways, or resources pathways with Graph Explorer.

Author: I've left a suggestion belwo

> - Visually understand a user's access pathways, or resources pathways with Graph Explorer.

Reviewer: Looks good to me!

![Standing Privileges](../../img/access-graph/standing-privileges.png)

> ## Dashboard: Identity Activity Center - Investigate

Reviewer: Is the name of the heading the same as the name of the view? If not, I would tighten up the heading a bit, since it's on the long side. We also use sentence case for headings, so any common nouns would be lowercased.

The Identity Security with Identity Activity Center dashboard provides a high-level overview of recent identity activity

> across your infrastructure. Ingesting and correlating data between IdPs (Okta), Code ([GitHub](./integrations/github.mdx)), Cloud Providers ([AWS](./integrations/aws-sync.mdx)) and 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
across your infrastructure. Ingest and correlate data between IdPs (Okta), Code ([GitHub](./integrations/github.mdx)), Cloud Providers ([AWS](./integrations/aws-sync.mdx)) and 
```

SELECT * FROM access_path WHERE resource_labels @> '{"key": "value"}';
```

> Show all SSH Keys from SSH Key Scanning 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Show all SSH Keys from SSH Key Scanning:
```
